apt news bugfix and document how to disable (#2447)
canonical/ubuntu-advantage-client: docs/howtoguides/disable_enable_apt_news.md

# How to disable or re-enable APT News

> APT News is a feature that allows for timely package related news to be displayed during an `apt upgrade`. It is distinct from [Ubuntu Pro available update messages](../explanations/apt_messages.md) that are also displayed during an `apt upgrade`. APT News messages are fetched from https://motd.ubuntu.com/aptnews.json at most once per day.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
APT News is a feature that allows for timely package-related news to be displayed during an `apt upgrade`. It is distinct from [Ubuntu Pro 'available update' messages](../explanations/apt_messages.md) that are also displayed during an `apt upgrade`. APT News messages are fetched from https://motd.ubuntu.com/aptnews.json at most once per day.
```
